very good to all but in a new
video tutorial about us about
minecraft I have changed the background of
screen because for the thumbnails of
I do not know if you know what you have uploaded
a video on youtube you will know
thumbnails in the videos to put the
Photo that you want you have to be
partner or not I do not know I've researched
a lot these days but in the end I do not
I will continue investigating and good and
how can I make the miniature
of the video is what the video is about
so putting the wallpaper
and well, I've already done it and let's start
with the tutorial
but you will not have to enter
in this link
they left the destruction as usual and
only if you will download this file
what do you want to extract here
is extract to this minecraft folder
updatable you will have esp from here we have
the game versions of windows and
windows I do not know but I do so we're going to
open the windows and open
it's the whole game as a launcher and it's
perfectly updatable here we are going to
enter this is my skin
well it's not mine but I've searched for it and
like to go and play with the go
now you put it
beat him the dog is my heart the field
of the cat the cat is not good cilantro is
singer cilantro is very famous if you
take advantage of the man with the cheese
Devil is worth it because we are already in the middle
main here as you see I have the vision
1.4 points 7 and well I have optics 75
mods ready you naturally not no
you will have it because you have to
install then
and good as I said is
perfectly upgradeable so for
update you will only have to give
fort sub-20 before leaving and well let's go
to make a test so you can see that
works
that we have four worlds
choose
you know the skin as it is and if you want it
use or saiz because I like to
you too
montmeló
I tell you one thing of state I have three
months with the minecraft on the computer
I've done very one for me to go
without lac and yet I'm still having her
now I will teach you how to have less lake
although you should know
a chassis hole with a pair of yoox
a few minutes ago
and good to not have good taught
first me skin
yes this link
I do not know how cool I am and I wear it
when I play I do not really do the truth
and well he taught us how to have less
White
ok we go to options options
video settings and graphics the
we will have in quick then the network of
distance sort
because that is how the map is not generated so much
it goes faster after more
details
the clouds deactivated
and the water without animation
the sun and the moon as you want me
I have activated and I'm going
really good
fully meet the stars
unnecessary so remove them
what else
Turkey
OK
there are animals
weber animated of if you want to see
fast all this I think it is
available with active aim
so I'll leave the link for you
download or me
when it goes it will be
I have not told you
several then go and making off too
I repeat all this we give voice
and it will go notably faster
the explosions through the portal and port
an egg and tonight never one but
you put it and wash it too
something else over here that has left me
Maybe if I do not know
but this will already rust noticeably more
fast and with ucd and funk and has installed
so
good
so far the tutorial
even poetry and I took advantage of it
man with the text of the devil